 Reliably assistive, I am.

Good morning, how are you feeling today? Well, I can't say I'm feeling well. I've had constant headaches for the last week, and sometimes I feel nauseous. I understand, have you had these symptoms in the past? No, this is the first time. How long do the headaches last when they start? Usually a few hours, but sometimes it lasts all day. And are you taking any pain medication? Yes, I tried paracetamol, but it doesn't help much. I see. And how about your vision? Have you noticed any changes? Actually, yes, sometimes it seems to me that I see a bit blurry. Alright, that's important to know. We'll need to do some tests to find out the cause of these symptoms. I recommend an examination of the fundus and possibly an MRI of the brain, just to rule out any more serious problems. I understand, that sounds a bit scary, but I realize it's necessary. When can we arrange this? We can arrange it for next week. I'll give you contact for our reception, and they will help you find a time that suits you. Thank you, that would be great. Not at all, it's our job. Anything else you'd like to discuss? I think that's all. Thank you for your help. Of course, don't hesitate to contact us anytime if you have any further questions or concerns. I'm keeping my fingers crossed and hope you will feel better soon. Thank you very much, goodbye. Goodbye, and take care.

Lékařská zpráva:

Pacient má pozastavený headache poslední týden a někdy se cítí náusezně. Žádal-li jsem, zda předtím měl podobné příznaky, odpověděl, že ne. Pitaval jsem, jak dlouho trvá bolest hlavy, když nastane, a odpověděl, že obvykle trvá několik hodin, ale parfois trvá celý den. Žádal-li jsem, zda užívá analgetika, odpověděl, že tried paracetamol, ale nepomáhá mu mnoho. Pak jsem ho zeptal, zda si všimil zvláštních zmian v jeho číslici, a odpověděl, že niekedy mu tak, alebo vízagnosticky fakticky look blurry. Uviděl jsem, že je to dôležitý detail. Musíme provést niektoré testy, aby sme mohli objasniť priču týchto symptómov. Prijemliazem rizikový fundus a možno aj MRI Mozku, aby sme sa dostali ride rode style serious problems. Sounds frightening, but I realized it was necessary. Ďakujem, that would be great. Not at all, it's our job. Nevím, nothing else you'd like to discuss? Everyone thinks that's all. Thank you for your help. Of course, don't hesitate to contact us anytime if you have any further questions or concerns. I'm keeping my fingers crossed and hope you will feel better soon. Thank you very much, goodbye. Goodbye, and take care.